it was by complete chance I was very
fortunate to have a lovely holiday in
South Africa and I was out in hermanas
whale watching
just outside Cape Town and I met the
most gorgeous girl called Mandeep Italo
from Zimbabwe and she was making these
beautiful chocolate chair sets and
lovely truffles and amazing creations
and I was just fascinated so instead of
lying by the pool or down on the beach
looking at the whales like a normal
human I spent the entire two weeks in
the kitchen of the hotel with Mandy
learning everything that she's learned
I was in my little stable flat kitchen
in the wings of carton house of a newt
and it was a beautiful place to live
very inspirational I had a tiny kitchen
and I was doing well at this stage the
family were beginning to you know say my
gosh these are gorgeous and I was
beginning to have a vision that maybe I
was really on to something here and I
had a lovely business going forward but
what to call the company and not being
the brightest to coming up with names
there was this little creature crawling
around the floor the fused to drive me
mad sister to stop and pick her up and
play with her of course was my first
child who was called Lily so that's
where the name was born so 1995 one of
our first main milestones was we want
the Aer Lingus contract which was huge
at that stage and very big to us where
we were they were using 2 million to
chunk boxes all over Europe and over on
the American transatlantic routes and
about 3 million little myths on the back
of the plane we want all of that
business which then gave me the
confidence to head to Heathrow
can you imagine if I said well I I make
these screws that help keep the wheels
on wheelbarrows are I'm in the insurance
business I insure frogs legs as their
shipping around the world that say oh
how interesting say no I make chocolate
I've got a chocolate factory oh my god
the reaction from people it's like it is
magic and it's magical to people we are
the real thing I mean it's Mary Ann and
the team we're at Newbridge
everything is made of Newbridge we buy
everything Irish where we possibly can
and we plan to be here for the long way
forever they'll never be any of litleo
Brian's moving to China or Eastern
Europe to try and make cheaper whatever
we're an indigenous Irish family
business and that's the way we plan to
be
the team and I we're always looking at
trends all over the world we're looking
at chefs we're looking at different
movements or how the consumer what they
want or how they're moving and you know
believe it or not we're all the time
looking at bringing the chocolates in a
different direction so we sit down
weekly and we think where can we go next
we try and just look at the blue sky and
say where can we bring chocolate next
when I began making chocolate I just
said to myself the first thing I've got
to do is use a really superior fantastic
chocolate and then started a dream about
what we could mix and what recipes we
could come up with that would be
different you know whether it was with
desserts or with the honeycomb or with
these soft caramels that would really
give people pleasure and just oh my gosh
our customers love mini O'Brien's they
absolutely love them and we and Lilly
O'Brien's are passionate about chocolate